---
title: About
---

<p>If 2018 was labelled as Ciaran McAuley’s breakthrough year onto the global trance stage, then 2019 is the year that has seen him cement his place and become one of the most in demand and heavily loved artists by both trance fans and promoters alike.</p>
<p>The Irish man announced his arrival with a plethora of performances on some of the biggest and most sought after events around the globe such as; Tomorrowland, Mysteryland, Electronic Family, Luminosity and of course the MainStage at Dreamstate California.</p>
<p>Being front and centre of the big stages is not the only place Ciaran is excelling. While his DJ exploits are gaining rave reviews it is his tireless and talented work in the studio that is also gaining him some serious attention, recognition and respect from not only fellow producers but from music fans all over. 2018 seen him release a number of distinctive and idiomatic originals, six to be exact with hits such as; "Watching Over Us", "Titanic", "For Those Who Believe" "Serenity" and the massive "Never Fade Away (Benthe)".</p>
<p>His studio skills have lead to an ever growing list of artists knocking on his door following several number 1s and countless top 10s. In 2018 alone he can add the names of; Ferry Corsten, Aly & Fila, Ronski Speed, RAM, Julie Thompson and Gareth Emery to his list of collaborations and or remixes. 2019 shows no let up in the studio output with growing demand to work alongside Ciaran from his peers, collabs and remixes with the likes of; Paul van Dyk, Ferry Corsten, Gareth Emery, Bryan Kearney, RAM, Christina Novelli, Susana, Jes, TyDi and Clare Stagg will only see Ciaran's stock and pedigree soar even higher.</p> 
<p>2018 also saw the launch of Ciaran's more mainstream alias ‘Holy Waters’ teaming up with one of the leading vocalists in the industry, Roxanne Emery. A Partnership that brings together Ciaran’s uplifting sounds and forges them with Roxanne’s beautiful songwriting to create one of the most unique and exciting combos currently on the trance scene.</p> 
<p>2019 has seen the release of wonderful tracks such as; "Times Like These" with Holy Waters and "Our Last Train Together" which coupled alongside his massive "Save Me" remix from Shogun and Emma Lock, future original releases on FSOE, Garuda/Armada and Blackhole.</p>
<p>We envisage 2019 and beyond being packed with Ciaran continuing to travel the globe hitting new cities like; Los Angeles, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Seattle, Montreal, Chicago, Las Vegas, to name but a few not to mention the long awaited break through into Australia & Egypt. Gracing some of the big stages @ Creamfields, Luminosity Beach, Dreamstate, LA Exchange and a headlining slot Aly & Fila’s ‘Heraclieon’ Festival in Egypt.</p> 
<p>Ciaran McAuley is a man on a mission, setting high standards for himself and new benchmarks all the time with his music and DJ performances. 2019 is set to be a very exciting year indeed as this future hero continues his meteoric rise-up to the top.</p>
